Example
----------------

Bridge.Net
---------

New Visual studio window and new project
Class Library - BridgeExample
Open Nuget Package Manager
Install-Package bridge
Explain additions in solution explorer

Remove using statements - add bridge and bridge html5
Add new main method with Ready tag and Window.Alert saying hi along with a comment to prove it gets translated

Move on to other versions from there....


Chocolately
-----------

Install chocolately from site
Switch to powershell -> Command Prompt - @Powershell
Install firefox - choco install firefox
Install git - choco install git
Install notepadplusplus - choco install notepadplusplus
finally choco install scriptcs - this is the one I really wanted to show


ScriptCS
-------------

choco install scriptcs

Do basic example - scriptcs is command for REPL

var message = "Hello, world!";
> Console.WriteLine(message);
Hello, world!

So the idea behind scriptcs is to use C# as a scripting language...
Which means you can use it in places you would use a windows script, python, or other tools like this. Its to help automate things but you can use a powerful tool, all of .NET

Show scriptCS with a more complicated example
This can obviously be extended further
I think its a good choice for a lot of the glue code which exists in the world
Batch scripts, etc.
If there is a process you have in you project you do often, then automate it
and with this you can do it in a language you know, easy to add to source control
and is isolated.
Also you can package it up into script bundles which work together
though i don't have time to cover that and don't know everyhing about it.



GLIMPSE
------
Finally we have glimpse which is a very powerful tool you can use to help monitor your application.
It combines Application and Database analysis in the browser.

Open Reserch priorities application - nuget
Intall-package Glimpse.MVC4

need to add this key to web config to fix glimpse async issue with web server
<add key="Glimpse:DisableAsyncSupport" value="true" />

show the basic demo - its really cool, you can see a full heads up display of your site.

Now add another package
Install-Package Glimpse.EF5

This installs the sql stuff, so now open that up and show them that it shows the entire sql pipeline.

Little more digging and display
FIN